Update EventBridge docs (#8543)
auth0/docs: articles/integrations/aws-eventbridge.md

1. A partner event source (in this case, this is Auth0)
2. A partner event bus, which matches incoming events with the routes to which they should be targeted

> 3. A rule, which route the incoming events to your choice of AWS service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A rule, which route the incoming events to your choice of AWS service
```

### Set up Auth0 for use as the event source

Part of the integration process is to set Auth0 up for use as the event source (this step happens on your [Dashboard](${manage_url}).

1. Go to [Log Integrations tab](https://manage.auth0.com/dashboard/us/{tenant}/amazon-eventbridge) on the Dashboard.

2. Create the AWS Event Source by providing your **AWS Account ID** and **AWS Region**. Note that the region you select must match the region in which your AWS EventBridge resides.

3. Click **Save**. Auth0 provides you with an **Event Source Name**. Make sure to save your **Event Source Name** value, since you will be providing it to AWS at a later point to complete the integration.

Go to AWS to complete the final steps of the integration.

## Create an event bus
1. Go to the [AWS EventBridge partners tab](https://console.aws.amazon.com/events/home?region=us-east-1#/partners) in your AWS account and make sure you are in the **AWS Region** where the event source was created.

2. Paste the **Event Source Name** in the event source search box to find the newly created AWS Event Source and click on it to associate it with an Event Bus.

> ``Note: The AWS Event Source will remain in pending state until it gets associated with an Event Bus and all the events sent to that Event Source will be dropped.``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The AWS Event Source will remain in pending state until it gets associated with an Event Bus and all the events sent to that Event Source will be dropped.
```

> 3. Once you click in the Event Source, click on the `Associate with Event Bus` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once you click in the Event Source, click on **Associate with Event Bus**.
```

4. Name the AWS Event Bus the same name as the AWS Event Source. At this point, you can specify permission for this Event Bus or simply associate it.

## Create your rules

At this point, the events that you send will be made available on your event bus. However, before you can use the data you send to AWS services, you will need to [create rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/create-event-bus.html) that map those events to specific targets.

EventBridge uses rules, which are definitions specifying how you want incoming events routed to the desired targets. 

Targets are the services, such as AWS EC2 instances, Lambda functions, Kinesis streams, or ECS tasks, that processes the event-driven data that it receives. The data received by targets are JSON-formatted.

A single rule can route to one or more targets (if there are more than one, AWS processes all in parallel).

To create a rule:

> 1. First, go to the [EventBridge page](https://console.aws.amazon.com/events/home?region=us-east-1#/) and click on `Create rule`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [EventBridge page](https://console.aws.amazon.com/events/home?region=us-east-1#/) and click **Create rule**
```

2. Provide the name of the AWS Event Bus and specify your targets

## Testing

At this point, your EventBridge workflow should be fully complete. As soon as Auth0 writes the next tenant log, you should be able to go to your Target (as defined in your EventBridge rule) to find a copy of the log Auth0 has written in JSON format.

## Delivery attempts and retries

> Auth0 event are delivered to AWS via a streaming mechanism that sends each event individually as it is triggered in our system. When EventBridge is unable to receive the event we will retry to deliver the event up to three times in which case we will log the failure to deliver in our system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth0 event are delivered to AWS via a streaming mechanism that sends each event as it is triggered in our system. If EventBridge is unable to receive the event, we will retry up to three times to deliver the event, otherwise, we will log the failure to deliver in our system.
```
